the next big x-men event begins in
battle of the atom number one four of
the five original x-men are eating in
the Jean Grey school cafeteria when
their mentor
Kitty Pryde receives an alert a new
mutant has manifested in Phoenix Arizona
and the original five set out to handle
the situation this new mutant Animax
isn't really cut out to be a good guy
though this team made up of Kitty Pryde
and some teenagers head in prepared for
combat unfortunately a fleet of
sentinels also arrive and complicate the
situation severely out guns the young
mutants do their best to simply survive
they grab on to kitty so the whole team
is able to go into and rebel young Scott
sees a mother and her child in the
crossfire and runs into danger to save
them just as the Sentinels are about to
finish him off and I blast intervenes
old Scott and his team have arrived to
save the day the two teams of x-men end
up working together to take down the
remaining sentinels and just as victory
seems assured a damaged Sentinel
reactivates and severely injured young
Scott as life begins to fade away from
him old Scott simply disappears but
Christopher Mews triage steps up and
uses his healing powers to fix young
Scott old Scott pops back into existence
and can only ask what happened when the
team of all-new x-men get back to the
Jean Grey school Wolverine and the other
teachers have decided that they are
going to send these teams back the group
of original x-men complained that they
aren't able to choose their own destiny
however the debate is cut short when old
tank announces the time cube has
reactivated everyone is shocked when a
group of x-men claiming to be from the
future step through
at the end of this issue the x-men from
the future arrived but we're gonna
actually go over those in part two of
battle the atom which will be releasing
a little later so for now I think let's
just talk about the fight right
fighting the Sentinels you know but one
uncanny x-men Andy all new x-men what
better thing to bring them together than
just sentinels that seems to be the
unifier of all x-men at all times I kind
of like towel
the only waxman work doing too shabby as
the fight started but you know but when
things really started to go south
fortunately old Scott and his team
arrived and kind of save the day I did
like that the only excellent had
protocols for when stuff got out of hand
their job was to just go touch kitty and
just you know survive that's it that's
all they have to do I actually initially
thought kitty being there like mentor
was kind of dumb but you know she hasn't
done too bad of a drug but eventually
young Scott does put himself in danger
to save some innocent he does but it was
pretty foolish right and the man to give
things I think so considering everyone
talking about her oh man he's a hero but
you're it's like Wolverine when you
risks the fabric of reality right and
friends an idiot everybody and Scott is
an idiot for risking the fabric of
reality by doing something like this
regardless you know old Scott disappears
momentarily
I definitely like how they finally
addressed the kind of space-time
implications of these original x-men
being here yeah you know like if they
die we finally know what happens I if
they die I imagine all reality would
just like instantly change in some way
right because Scott wouldn't have been
there throughout history yeah and if you
look at Bendis who wrote age of Ultron
as well when Hank Pym disappeared that
drastically changed the future so it
seems like Scott died should have
immediately drastically changed the
futures love which gives credence to the
fact that Scott didn't really die right
there he was probably on the brink of
dying or something but Christopher Muse
was able to bring him back
yeah they explored his power set a
little bit more so I'm really starting
to think he might be able to bring
people back from the dead that would be
pretty awesome just makes Scott's team
even more powerful you got time stopping
stop being dying we talked about this in
our last uncanny x-men review how Scott
just got the best really of words means
you know like all the most overpowered
people except he doesn't have gene and
gene seems to be the most powerful of
all still I don't know that's a great
bill for part 1 of battle of the atom
what would you give it I'll give this
issue a 4.5 out of 5 it was a strong
start but I thought the artwork was
absolutely amazing all that was just so
spectacular Frank Joe did a great job in
the art I'll give this issue a four out
of five it was a strong opening issue
and I'm glad there's finally an event
that features the entirety of the x-men
roster
thanks for watching be three comics to
review of badeley atom number one before
we go we have a question for you so a
new x-men event has begun and we want to
know from you guys what's your favorite
x-men event I'm gonna go with the House
of M it's probably an easy choice to go
but I really enjoyed that story yeah
that definitely had huge ramifications
on the mutants but I think I'm gonna go
with second coming I just loved
everything about it you know
nightcrawlers death is great and hope at
the end just showing her full potential
and the fact that she probably was gonna
be the mutant Messiah was just
incredible we want to know your answers
put them in the comments below and be
sure to look out for Bally Adam part 2
which will be coming out soon